# CRUD Quiz

Use the solution to this afternoon's Property Tracker lab to answer the following questions. Please write your answers under each question, push the file to GitHub, and submit in the usual way.

## MVP Questions

In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the Property class?
This is being done in the console.rb file

Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby Property object into the database?
This is done in the save instance function in the Property class.

Q3. In console.rb, which lines modify the database?
4,13,22,31,33

Q4. Why do we not define the id of a Property object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?
Because we want the database to assign it for us, to avoid duplicates

Q5. Where and how do we assign the property id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby object?
This gets assigned in the save instance function of the property class, by asking the database to return the id after the save then assign it to @id

Q6. Why do we put a guard (an ‘if’ clause) on the @id attribute in the constructor?
So that the initialization does not expect an id and continues if empty but can accept one.
Also so we can get one later on and then assign it.

Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others, class methods?
This is because some of the actions need to impact the instance of the class and others, need to impact all of the instances of the class or some from the database which dont exist yet.

Q8. What type of data structure is returned by db.exec() and db.exec_prepared(), and how do we index into it to pull out a desired attribute?
This returns an array of hashes. you would add a [requested location] <-- for the array and a ['Key'] for the hash.

Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?
This is done to avoid a sql injection attack.

## Extension Questions

Look at the `find_by_id` and `find_by_address` methods in the Property class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?
id and address. Number and a string

Q11. What are their return values?
they return a property object
